Below is a list of learning objectives from after midterm 2. 
I will go back through the learning objectives for midterms 1 and 2 
and decide which objectives may still be tested by the final exam. 
I'll update the list with those objectives sometime tomorrow.
 
Quiz 7 Learning Objectives:
 
Describe the process by which DHCP assigns an IP address to a new client on a network.
Simulate the operation of a NAT-enabled router, assuming a host on a local network wants to communicate with a server outside of the network.
Describe the benefits and drawbacks of using NAT.
Describe how tunneling allows inter-operability between IPv4 and IPv6 networks.
Compare and contrast IPv4 and IPv6.
Given a network architecture that uses SDN, fill in the flow tables for every router to direct traffic to the correct location.
Describe the pros and cons of storing more network information on each router.
 
Quiz 8 Learning Objectives:
 
Given a network, use Dijkstra's algorithm to compute the routing and forwarding tables for every router in the network.
Given a network, use the Distance-Vector algorithm to compute the routing and forwarding tables for every router in the network.
Given a network, determine whether a link going down would cause a routing loop when using Distance-Vector.
Compare and contrast Link-State and Distance-Vector routing algorithms.
Explain how route poisoning can help eliminate routing loops.
Compare and contrast hot potato and cold potato routing.
Given a network with autonomous systems (ASes), determine the BGP route from a given AS to a destination prefix.
 
Quiz 9 Learning Objectives:
 
Given a network with autonomous systems (ASes), determine the BGP route from a given AS to a destination prefix.
Describe how AS administrators determine whether to advertise a route with BGP.
Compare and contrast the network and link layers.
Describe the three major functions of the link layer.
Given a media access protocol (e.g. TDMA), determine which of the four ideal protocol properties it exhibits.
Given a network and a pair of hosts that want to communicate, explain the steps needs to get the data from the sender to the receiver.
 
Post-Quiz 9 Learning Objectives:
 
Describe the two properties of good cryptography proposed by Claude Shannon.
Describe the process by which shared, private keys may be transmitted safely.
Using cryptographic primitives such as symmetric key encryption, public key encryption (e.g. RSA), and secure hashes, design a system that meets one or more of the following needs: confidentiality, message integrity, and authentication.
Explain the necessity of nonces in cryptographic systems.
Given a VPN, identify all of the security associations needed by the VPN and briefly describe what is contained in each security association.
 
P.S. Sorry, but no more extra credit opportunities.
